# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and
some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md)
  uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc)
  uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

Nefia E-Commerce Stitch Revolution is a modern e-commerce platform built with
React JS and powered by Vite for a fast and efficient development experience.
This project provides users with a seamless shopping experience and a modular,
scalable codebase for developers.

🛠 Features Dynamic Product Listings: View and browse products dynamically loaded
from a data source. User-Friendly UI: Intuitive design for an enhanced shopping
experience. Responsive Design: Optimized for desktop, tablet, and mobile
devices.(almost) State Management: Efficient handling of state across
components. Vite Integration: Blazing-fast development and build process.

🚀 Getting Started Prerequisites Node.js (v16+ recommended) npm or yarn package
manager

Installation Clone the repository:

git clone <repository-url> cd nefia-ecommerce-main

Install dependencies:

npm install

Start the development server:

npm run dev Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:XXXX

📁 Folder Structure

nefia-ecommerce-main/ ├── public/ # Static assets ├── src/ # Source code │ ├──
components/ # Reusable components │ ├── pages/ # Application pages │ ├──
styles/ # CSS/SASS files │ ├── hooks/ # Custom React hooks │ └── utils/ #
Utility functions ├── package.json # Project metadata and dependencies ├──
vite.config.js # Vite configuration └── README.md # Project documentation

🔧 Technologies Used

React JS: Component-based front-end library. FireBase: for database Vite:
Next-generation build tool. CSS Modules for styling. ESLint: Codelinting and
quality assurance. Vercel: Deployment platform for modern web applications.

🎥 Preview

https://nefia-ecommerce.vercel.app/

🧑‍💻 Contribution Contributions are welcome! Follow these steps:

Fork the repository. Create a new branch: bash Copy code git checkout -b
feature/your-feature Commit your changes: bash Copy code git commit -m "Add your
message here" Push to the branch: bash Copy code git push origin
feature/your-feature Open a pull request. 📜 License This project is licensed
under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

📞 Contact For inquiries, please reach out via stefania.fraga@gmail.com
